Conflict: the protag, Anethema the witch, wants to meet her patron but has no idea who/what/where it is.  Little does she know that several forces are actually competing to be this wide-eyed and extremely trusting girl's patron.  Once she has 'chosen' one, the others will surely want to snuff out her spark before their competition can make it a true light in the darkness.
Setting{
-Anethema's actions influence what her patron turns out to be, the jilted patrons she has to fight, and resultant endings.
}
Locations[
1. Albrecht Village: the starting point of the game, Albrecht is a sleepy little village where Anethema has been serving as the local hedge witch for several years.  The villagers respect her, but the adults keep her at arms length because they are uncomfortable with the details of her powers (especially everything Woollace-adjacent).  Children and animals love her, however.  The owner of the Curiosities Shoppe is fond of her, but that's at least largely because she spends so much money there.
2. Albright City: run by the church of _, goddess of healing and medicine, this city is always welcoming to visitors.  It can be on the stern and lawful side, as serious medicine requires serious rules, but generally most anyone who isn't obviously out to destroy or damage life can make a home there.
3. Whimsical Wood: buzzing with natural magic, this wood intersects strongly with the world of the Fey and is filled with primordial creative energy.  This manifests in many ways, from friendly prankster pixies to veangeful protectors of nature.  Emma Funnygust makes her nest here, enjoying the company of the most unusual fey-touched cats around.
4. Friendly Forest: once a place of placid woodland critters true to its name, the new Dearl of Fumbleheim has infested the forest with humorless humans and hunted the critters to near local extinction.
5. Fumbleheim City 
]
Characters[
1. Anethema: extremely curious and trusting, she represents a dangerous combination of intelligent and unwise.  Infamous for being oblivious to her general surroundings, usually because she is distracted by something shiny/slimy.
2. Woollace: a spider-pug and Anethema's familiar.  If he knows anything about their patron, he isn't sharing.  Communicates through waffle smells, and is primarily motivated by food.  Prefers to eat things that can feel both curiosity and fear.
3. Emma Funnygust: a druid who lives with as many cats as she can fit in/around her nest in the Whimsical Wood.  She doesn't much care for anything but cats, but is intrigued by the new types of cats that she believes can be found in the world of the Fey.
4. Kyomi Erisian: an extremely volatile kitsune trickster, this good-natured sorceress is unpredictable in the extreme.  She is prone to fits of emotion, usually revolving around happiness or fondness, that border on mania.  Impulsivity defines her.  At the start of the story, Kyomi and Karin live together with their innumerable sisters and one brother in a forest den deep within the Friendly Forest that surrounds the city of Fumbleheim.  When Anethema meets them, however, they are on their way out after Kyomi is exiled by the Dearl of Fumbleheim as punishment for a prank she pulled on him.
5. Karin Erisian: a reserved kitsune bard/psychic, she keeps her sister Kyomi in line as much as possible.  Karin is similar to her sister in many ways, but much gentler and subtler.  She also has some semblance of self-control.  At the start of the story, Kyomi and Karin live together with their innumerable sisters and one brother in a forest den deep within the Friendly Forest that surrounds the city of Fumbleheim.
6. Baatezu, patron of law:

]
Storyboard{
1. Anethema starts out with only Woollace in Albrecht village, feeling content but bored and lonely.  The adult villagers distance themselves from her strangeness.  As the story opens, Anethema receives a visit in her forest hut from a very desperate mayor's aid -- an epidemic has stricken the townspeople!  Anethema tries her best to help them, but quickly learns that curing this ailment is beyond her skill.  What's more, she detects a magical artifact radiating overwhelming necromancy from a shipment recently brought in by a strange traveling merchant.  It is an idol of some strange old god carved in obsidian, and it looks eldritch af.
	--Quests:
	1. Seek out a cleric from Albright city far to the East to cure the people. [Quest params: time limit of 5 days to save 100% of the population, then minus 10% each day.  After fifteen days, the village will be nothing but a mass grave.  Completion effects: If she gets any of the villagers cured in any way, +1 healing.  If she cures 100% with the cleric, additional +2 healing and mercy and +1 peace.  If she saves 100% by finding and slaying the Merchant of Death, +2 Death, Vengeance, Revenge and +1 Strength]
	2. Take the idol to the mage's guild or one of the churches in Albright city to be identified.
	3. Find the strange merchant who headed South after leaving Albrecht, towards the Whimsical Wood.    
}
